Add support for specifying a predicate to find a specific element (#38)
sindresorhus/element-ready: readme.md

By setting this to `false`, `element-ready` will resolve the promise as soon as it finds the requested selector, regardless of its content. This is ok if you're just checking if the element exists or if you want to read/change its attributes.

##### predicate

Type: `(element: HTMLElement) => boolean`\
Default: `undefined`

> If defined, the predicate will be called for each element that matches the selector. If it returns `true`, the element will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A predicate function will be called for each element that matches the selector. If it returns `true`, the element will be returned.
```
